Let me introduce you, I am the King of Winter,
The general manager of Juhuang Club, Liu Yi.
The project we are talking about this time is to let you Ling family invest in the Juhuang Club.
Management, Juhuang Club.
The Juhuang Club is the highest level communication center in Beijing.
Many people in the world are not qualified to invest in Beijing.
So let us manage the zero family.
In Shangjing, King Dong holds half of the sky.
If I say I can let you buy shares, you can say it.
But I have never been exposed to these.
Well, the hierarchy of the upper class,
You people would definitely not be able to accept this.
But Mr. Lin
As long as you are my girlfriend
I can definitely help you. Six grandsons alone don’t want Chao to always have a wish.
Although you are the general manager of the club
But I have never received any adults
You haven’t even seen Dongsu’s face, right?
You are here to hate me
Have you ever seen a person
Stop fighting
My sister Tang is married, I know
Am I the Zhan family's wife?
The results of the heroes who played in the tournament yesterday
In the blink of an eye, I turned into a bear and flew away from me
It's in the Tiancheng city of Shangjing
It’s Gou Yang’s existence
Take a look at our full sales and sales
Any great spirit comes from
They are all stronger than him
What happened to the smaller bowl in the north?
He wants to see me
Suddenly I was waiting for all the little giant winter kings
Those on the feet are afraid to smell them from all sides
keep you waiting
Just wait